README.md, before:

Hi 👋!! My name is Clara and I (as many of us) tried a few times learn how to draw properly, unsuccesfully. So I'm going to compile the new courses, videos to improve the information provided in the Art curriculum Solo Artist,based on the free document he provide on his [gumroad](https://alexhuneycutt.gumroad.com/l/free_curriculum) and on the 
[Reddit post](https://www.reddit.com/r/learnart/comments/dapk62/from_the_guy_who_made_the_most_comprehensive_list/), but with my touch. 

If you want a more visual and easy access to the old data you have [here](https://www.soloartcurriculum.com/) this amazing page, made by [Brendan Meachen](https://www.brendanmeachen.com/)

Forked from [Art_Curriculum](https://github.com/StephanRaab/Art_Curriculum). Also I will colour code each term and unit so that everyone has access to its status.

![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-To_do-E74C3C)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-In_progress-3498DB)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Completed-2ECC71)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Need_Update-E67E22)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-On_hold-F1C40F)


Disclaimer: I am no art expert. I'm adding what's from RadioRunner and from my experience, so if anyone knows of a good free resource, please create a pull request and I will add it. Thanks !!

# Extra Term 0 ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Completed-2ECC71)
Sometimes we feel like our level is bellow than the exercises on the first term, but is only a matter of seeing some kind of improvement. So I leave here a few resources that help me to build confidence.

- [🆓 Brad's Art School: Learn how to draw for beginners](https://youtu.be/Wz6DrQeQ5rI?si=5wB3xpOkqd9DoSrs)

- [🆓 Brad's Art School: How to draw anything with construction](https://youtu.be/iTey_rv-Trc?si=bdfDXfVy2pNW_ZI8)

- 📚 You Can draw in 30 days from Mark Kistler.

> I completed to lesson 7 from the book then moved forward to Term 1, but feel free to continue as you want.

# Term 1 ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-In_progress-3498DB)

## Figure Drawing 1 ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Completed-2ECC71)
Do the gesture challenge concurrently with the figure drawing course. In the early stages, learning the flow of gesture is the most important thing - it prevents stiffness in your drawings

- [🆓 Proko: Figure Drawing Fundamentals](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLR2KBLDDnZz3Ec8LZ66IDS--P9g3TdwOM)

- [🆓 Love Life Drawing: Figuary](https://www.lovelifedrawing.com/figuary/) -- Love Life Drawing have put together a FREE ten-day challenge [Fresh Eyes Challenge](https://community2.lovelifedrawing.com/c/fresh-eyes/) but need to register to access.

- [💰 Figure Drawing Fundamentals (Proko Premium)](https://www.proko.com/figure-drawing-fundamentals-course/)

> Challenge: 30 days of gesture sessions with [croquis cafe](https://vimeo.com/croquiscafe) and/or [draw this](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOVNvkn-f6BW18AvplWI8YA)

> Alternative: 30 days of a series of short poses as follows: three 1 minute poses, two 2 minute poses, one 5 minute pose per day, you can use [Line of Action](https://line-of-action.com/practice-tools/app#/figure-drawing) or [SketchDaily](https://www.sketchdaily.net/) those are free reference sites with timers.

## Perspective 1 ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Need_Update-E67E22)

- [🆓 Drawabox Lessons 0-3](https://drawabox.com/lesson/0), [all lessons](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1R4msWQRk4g-fSlJ8Kn6N9QSarws7DAMm3ZKqTgkgTmA/edit#gid=0)

- [💰 Introduction to Perspective, Marschall Vandruff](http://marshallart.com/SHOP/all-products/all-videos/1994-perspective-drawing-series/)

> [] [250 box challenge](https://drawabox.com/lesson/250boxes)
> [] [250 cylinder challenge](https://drawabox.com/lesson/250cylinders)

## Composition and storytelling 1 ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Need_Update-E67E22)

- [🆓 Aaron Blaise: methods for pleasing compositions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dOMRWxo0ixo)

- [🆓 ModernDayJames: Composition 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wg-So3ElA8g)

- [🆓 Sycra: Effective composition using shapes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SNmwQumlvbQ)

> [] [Watch Sycra's video about iterative drawing and iterate on 5 compositions, 10x each](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k0ufz75UvHs)
> [] Thumbnail 50 favorite movie scenes from [film-grab](www.filmgrab.com)

# Term 2 ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-In_progress-3498DB)

## Anatomy 1 - The Head ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Need_Update-E67E22)
 
- [🆓 Understanding & Painting the head, Marco Bucci](https://marcobucciartstore.com/products/understanding-and-painting-the-head)

- [🆓 Proko: The Loomis Method](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL39135B8D190B7C97)

- [🆓 Proko: Portrait Drawing Fundamentals](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLR2KBLDDnZz0pHBiiyrqlOB3FU-W5XX1k)

- [🆓 Sinix: Anatomy quick tips](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLflflDShjUKH4EfZyf0vuKEuqeqvlV0Qd)

- [💰 Constructive Head drawing, Steve Huston](https://www.nma.art/courses/constructive-head-drawing/)

- [💰 The Frank Reilly Drawing Method, Frank Reilly](https://www.nma.art/courses/the-frank-reilly-drawing-method/)

> [] [Ahmed Aldoori's 100 head challenge](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0A_kQsxeeTE), [heads are here](https://www.pinterest.com/aaldoori/portrait/)

## Perspective 2 ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Need_Update-E67E22)

- [🆓 Drawabox Lessons 4-7](https://drawabox.com/lesson/4)

- [🆓 ModernDayJames: Perspective 1](https://youtu.be/nAlCyQqEZSU)

- [🆓 ModernDayJames: Perspective 2](https://youtu.be/O1tv-6JURJ4)

- [🆓 ModernDayJames: Perspective 6](https://youtu.be/FF8XgTQmoPg)

> [] [100 Treasure chest challenge](https://drawabox.com/lesson/100chests)
> [] Rotate 50 boxes
> [] Rotate 50 cylinders

## Anatomy 2 - The Torso ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Need_Update-E67E22)

- [🆓 Proko torso anatomy](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLo1MyIYOwxxyd_9kkipZV9gnJTYAPAXNG)

- [💰 Anatomy of the human body for artists: Torso, Proko Premium](https://www.proko.com/human-anatomy-for-artists/)

> [] 100 Exaggerated Gestures:
a. draw the gesture of a reference.
b. mannequinize it.
c. draw a new, exaggerated gesture based on mannequin

# Term 3 ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-To_do-E74C3C)

## Perspective 3

## Anatomy 3 - Arms

## Clothed Figure Drawing

# Term 4 ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-To_do-E74C3C)

## Color & Light 1

## Perspective 4

## Anatomy 4 - Legs

# Term 5 ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-To_do-E74C3C)

## Intro to Animals

## Perspective 5

## Color & light 2


# Term 6 ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-To_do-E74C3C)

## Character Design

## Composition & Storytelling 2

## Perspective 6
 
# Term 7 ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-To_do-E74C3C)

## Anatomy 5 - Imagination

## Perspective 7

## Enviroment Design 1

# Term 8 ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-To_do-E74C3C)

## Enviroment design 2

## Painting 1

## Anatomy 6 - Caricature/Animal

# Term 9 ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-To_do-E74C3C)

## Painting 2

## Painting 3 - Matte Painting

## Personal Project

Commit message:

changed icon for videos, update links and added instructions to unit 2
Signed-off-by: Clara Rojano <clararojanols@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

Hi 👋!! My name is Clara and I (as many of us) tried a few times learn how to draw properly, unsuccesfully. So I'm going to compile the new courses, videos to improve the information provided in the Art curriculum Solo Artist,based on the free document he provide on his [gumroad](https://alexhuneycutt.gumroad.com/l/free_curriculum) and on the 
[Reddit post](https://www.reddit.com/r/learnart/comments/dapk62/from_the_guy_who_made_the_most_comprehensive_list/), but with my touch. 

If you want a more visual and easy access to the old data you have [here](https://www.soloartcurriculum.com/) this amazing page, made by [Brendan Meachen](https://www.brendanmeachen.com/)

Forked from [Art_Curriculum](https://github.com/StephanRaab/Art_Curriculum). Also I will colour code each term and unit so that everyone has access to its status.

![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-To_do-E74C3C)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-In_progress-3498DB)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Completed-2ECC71)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Need_Update-E67E22)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-On_hold-F1C40F)


Disclaimer: I am no art expert. I'm adding what's from RadioRunner and from my experience, so if anyone knows of a good free resource, please create a pull request and I will add it. Thanks !!

# Extra Term 0 ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Completed-2ECC71)
Sometimes we feel like our level is bellow than the exercises on the first term, but is only a matter of seeing some kind of improvement. So I leave here a few resources that help me to build confidence.

- [📼 Brad's Art School: Learn how to draw for beginners](https://youtu.be/Wz6DrQeQ5rI?si=5wB3xpOkqd9DoSrs)

- [📼 Brad's Art School: How to draw anything with construction](https://youtu.be/iTey_rv-Trc?si=bdfDXfVy2pNW_ZI8)

- 📚 You Can draw in 30 days from Mark Kistler.

> Check and do the excersices from videos then if you want, lesson 1 till lesson 7 from the book, but feel free to continue as you want, if not, go to Term 1.

# Term 1 ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-In_progress-3498DB)

## Figure Drawing 1 ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Completed-2ECC71)
Do the gesture challenge concurrently with the figure drawing course. In the early stages, learning the flow of gesture is the most important thing - it prevents stiffness in your drawings

- [📼 Proko: Figure Drawing Fundamentals](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLR2KBLDDnZz3Ec8LZ66IDS--P9g3TdwOM)

- [📼 Love Life Drawing: Figuary](https://www.lovelifedrawing.com/figuary/) -- Love Life Drawing have put together a FREE ten-day challenge [Fresh Eyes Challenge](https://community2.lovelifedrawing.com/c/fresh-eyes/) but need to register to access.

- [💰 Figure Drawing Fundamentals (Proko Premium)](https://www.proko.com/figure-drawing-fundamentals-course/)

> Challenge: 30 days of gesture sessions with [croquis cafe](https://vimeo.com/croquiscafe) and/or [draw this](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOVNvkn-f6BW18AvplWI8YA)

> Alternative: 30 days of a series of short poses as follows: three 1 minute poses, two 2 minute poses, one 5 minute pose per day, you can use [Line of Action](https://line-of-action.com/practice-tools/app#/figure-drawing) or [SketchDaily](https://www.sketchdaily.net/) those are free reference sites with timers.

## Perspective 1 ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Completed-2ECC71)
Drawabox is a (very) dense course, and important for your foundation in draftsmanship. If anything, extend the length of this unit and cut the next one short. The recommended order would be **Lesson 1**, *250 box challenge**, then into **Lesson 2** and when you get on the **Texture and Detail** part, go and do the **25 textures challenge** *at the same time*, but one row at the time. I also added a quick video to understand perspective, but watch it when you get to lesson 1. 

- [🆓 Drawabox Lessons 0-2](https://drawabox.com/)

- [📼 Master Basic Perspective, Marc Brunet](https://youtu.be/_ym83Cvi3wQ?si=aj1s66MUckhuMHO6)

- [💰 Introduction to Perspective, Marschall Vandruff](http://marshallart.com/SHOP/all-products/all-videos/1994-perspective-drawing-series/)

> [250 box challenge](https://drawabox.com/lesson/250boxes)
 
> [25 textures challenge](https://drawabox.com/lesson/25textures)

## Composition and storytelling 1 ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Need_Update-E67E22)

- [📼 Aaron Blaise: methods for pleasing compositions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dOMRWxo0ixo)

- [📼 ModernDayJames: Composition 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wg-So3ElA8g)

- [📼 Sycra: Effective composition using shapes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SNmwQumlvbQ)

> [] [Watch Sycra's video about iterative drawing and iterate on 5 compositions, 10x each](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k0ufz75UvHs)
> [] Thumbnail 50 favorite movie scenes from [film-grab](www.filmgrab.com)

# Term 2 ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-In_progress-3498DB)

## Anatomy 1 - The Head ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Need_Update-E67E22)
 
- [🆓 Understanding & Painting the head, Marco Bucci](https://marcobucciartstore.com/products/understanding-and-painting-the-head)

- [📼 Proko: The Loomis Method](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL39135B8D190B7C97)

- [📼 Proko: Portrait Drawing Fundamentals](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLR2KBLDDnZz0pHBiiyrqlOB3FU-W5XX1k)

- [📼 Sinix: Anatomy quick tips](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLflflDShjUKH4EfZyf0vuKEuqeqvlV0Qd)

- [💰 Constructive Head drawing, Steve Huston](https://www.nma.art/courses/constructive-head-drawing/)

- [💰 The Frank Reilly Drawing Method, Frank Reilly](https://www.nma.art/courses/the-frank-reilly-drawing-method/)

> [] [Ahmed Aldoori's 100 head challenge](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0A_kQsxeeTE), [heads are here](https://www.pinterest.com/aaldoori/portrait/)

## Perspective 2 ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Need_Update-E67E22)

- [🆓 Drawabox Lessons 4-7](https://drawabox.com/lesson/4)

- [📼 ModernDayJames: Perspective 1](https://youtu.be/nAlCyQqEZSU)

- [📼 ModernDayJames: Perspective 2](https://youtu.be/O1tv-6JURJ4)

- [📼 ModernDayJames: Perspective 6](https://youtu.be/FF8XgTQmoPg)

> [] [100 Treasure chest challenge](https://drawabox.com/lesson/100chests)
> [] Rotate 50 boxes
> [] Rotate 50 cylinders

## Anatomy 2 - The Torso ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Need_Update-E67E22)

- [📼 Proko torso anatomy](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLo1MyIYOwxxyd_9kkipZV9gnJTYAPAXNG)

- [💰 Anatomy of the human body for artists: Torso, Proko Premium](https://www.proko.com/human-anatomy-for-artists/)

> [] 100 Exaggerated Gestures:
a. draw the gesture of a reference.
b. mannequinize it.
c. draw a new, exaggerated gesture based on mannequin

# Term 3 ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-To_do-E74C3C)

## Perspective 3

## Anatomy 3 - Arms

## Clothed Figure Drawing

# Term 4 ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-To_do-E74C3C)

## Color & Light 1

## Perspective 4

## Anatomy 4 - Legs

# Term 5 ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-To_do-E74C3C)

## Intro to Animals

## Perspective 5

## Color & light 2


# Term 6 ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-To_do-E74C3C)

## Character Design

## Composition & Storytelling 2

## Perspective 6
 
# Term 7 ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-To_do-E74C3C)

## Anatomy 5 - Imagination

## Perspective 7

## Enviroment Design 1

# Term 8 ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-To_do-E74C3C)

## Enviroment design 2

## Painting 1

## Anatomy 6 - Caricature/Animal

# Term 9 ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-To_do-E74C3C)

## Painting 2

## Painting 3 - Matte Painting

## Personal Project
